Headlines:
Extract features
 catchy headlines, such as “You Won’t Believe”
 
 
Head Line Features: 

1.Word Count
2.Number: Count the number of numerals
3.Baitword:Count the number of clickbait words
4.Slang : Count the number of internet slang
5.Punctuation: Count the number of !, ? and ...
6.SentDegree: Respectively count 2 sets of degree adverbs expressing very and extremely
7.SentPolar:Respectively count words expressing positive evaluation, negative evaluation, positive emotion, and negative emotion.
8.Distance:Compute the average distance between governing and dependent words (identified by LTP parser5 )
9.Forward Ref: Count words expressing forward-reference, including demonstratives (this,that,...) and personal pronouns (he,she,it,...)
10.Examine CSR(Class Sequential rules) 
to find language patterns of ambiguous headlines and non-ambiguous ones, and then derive features based on the sequential rules.


Features Extracted from the body:

1. Informality: We compute the frequencies of two informality indicators, namely internet slang and bait words. Additionally, the length of news bodies is also an input feature. 
2. Sentiment: Sentiment feature consists of the frequencies of positive evaluations, negative evaluations, positive emotions, negative emotions and subjective words. 
3. InformalGap: We calculate the absolute value of informality difference between headlines and bodies of each piece of news.
4. SentiGap: We calculate the absolute value of sentiment difference between headlines and bodies of each piece of news. Specifically, this feature set contains the differences in five frequencies mentioned in Sentiment.
5. Similarity: Misleading headlines often contains words that differ from those in news bodies. 
6. Recognizing Textual Entailment(RTE): Textual entailment is defined as follows: a text T entails another text H if the meaning of H can be inferred from the meaning of T with common background knowledge.



Possibly useful?
-SVM toolkit in SciKitLearn
